I choose
Solo
Chorus Solo
Chu Fan, please think about it.
If you choose to sing solo
Must trump three mentors on the ticket
And other players
To qualify for the finals
The first thing in my heart is a delicate song
Clothes are almost filtered
How can we die if you are angry?
You want to rely on a song to solicit votes
I'll ask you how the show is going
Hey, no need.
No matter how positive
This is the secret of my talent
And that was the intent of the stage.
Since Chu Fan chose to sing solo
Then I hand over the stage to the contestant Chu Fan
The stage for tomorrow's stars
It was originally reserved for the talented
A place where dreams come true
Even if it arrives
Even if you are not
Even if unknown
Make the people you like your own heroes